Hi welcome to the complete Android and develop of course.
My name is Rob and I'm the creator of the world's most popular coding courses with over 400000 students
and thousand five star reviews on you to me like my latest Android course is better than ever.
With over 30 hours of clear compelling content taking you from no coding experience whatsoever to building
professional quality apps with over 65 percent market share Android is the platform to be developing
for Android and is the most powerful and develop a friendly version yet.
I'll start by showing you how to download Android studio on any platform Windows Mac or Linux.
And then we'll go on to build simple apps like a currency converter and a brain Traina.
Then we'll go on to build clones of Instagram Luber Flappy Bird Twitter and WhatsApp as my current students
know I'm always there in the forums and I'll be there to help you out if ever you get stuck but you
get a lot more than just the best learning experience for Android available.
You get a copy of my 5 star rated ebook how to earn $10000 while learning to code.
Get $50 dollars of AWOS credits a year's free web hosting on the ECO web hosting advance package and
you'll get a huge range of visual assets to use in your apps.
Worth over $500.
So are you ready to become a successful Android app developer.
Come and join me on this exciting journey today.